Add a note about segmenter's seed in the readme (#1670)
open-mmlab/mmsegmentation: configs/segmenter/README.md

| Segmenter Mask   | ViT-L_16 | 640x640   | 160000  | 16.56    | 2.62           | 52.16 | 53.65         | [config](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/master/configs/segmenter/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k.py)   | [model](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/segmenter/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k_20220105_162750-7ef345be.pth) \| [log](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/segmenter/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k_20220105_162750.log.json)         |

> It should be noted that this model is greatly influenced by the seed, please refer to the log file for the specific settings of the seed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note:

- This model is greatly influenced by the seed, please refer to the log file for the specific settings of the seed.
```

Such as bottom of https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/tree/master/configs/pspnet

> It should be noted that this model is greatly influenced by the seed, please refer to the log file for the specific settings of the seed.

Reviewer 2: model -> model performance
and add 
'if you change the seed the results might be different from the results in this tabel'

| Segmenter Mask   | ViT-L_16 | 640x640   | 160000  | 16.56    | 2.62           | 52.16 | 53.65         | [config](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmsegmentation/blob/master/configs/segmenter/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k.py)   | [model](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/segmenter/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k_20220105_162750-7ef345be.pth) \| [log](https://download.openmmlab.com/mmsegmentation/v0.5/segmenter/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k/segmenter_vit-l_mask_8x1_512x512_160k_ade20k_20220105_162750.log.json)         |

Note:

> - This model performance is greatly influenced by the seed, please refer to the log file for the specific settings of the seed. If you change the seed, the results might be different from the results in this table.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- This model performance is sensitive to the seed values used, please refer to the log file for the specific settings of the seed. If you choose a different seed, the results might differ from the table results.
```
